{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf110
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13620\viewh12500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl280\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Stray PuRRlies
\f1\b0  
\fs28 - README File\
Release Date: October 2005\
WINDOWS XP ICO FILES\
\
(Dedicated to a special little kitty who walked backwards.)\
\

\f0\b Stray PuRRlie Icons are \'a9 Copyright 2005 Melissa Scroggins. All Rights Reserved.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\i By downloading these icons, you agree to be bound by the terms outlined in this readme file.\
\
These icons are distributed as FREEWARE and are for use on your personal desktop only. These icons are for personal use ONLY and must be accompanied by this README File. These icons are not for commercial purposes, and may not be redistributed, sold or exchanged for any goods or services, nor are they to be used on websites (without my direct permission), and these icons may NOT be altered in any wa
\f1\i0 y. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Stray PuRRlies
\f1\b0\fs28  Contain the following set of 
\fs48 9
\fs28  icons: \
Bloozy, Dickie da Devil, Doozer, FrankenStitch, Grrrowler, MooSnoozer, Mowzer, Muncher, and Smirkee.\
\
Icon Resource Sizes: 128 x 128, 48 x 48, 32 x 32, and 16 x 16.\
Windows XP Ico Files\
Approximate File Size: 540KB\
\
\

\f0\b\fs48 Contact Info:
\f1\b0\fs28 \
peachpopicons@mac.com\
Melissa Scroggins \
www.peachpops.com\
\
Thank-you for downloading Stray PuRRlies! Stray PuRRlies are inspired by the silly personality quirks of all those cats everywhere. I hope you enjoy these whimsical kitty cat inspired icons hand drawn by me.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl280\qc

\f0\b \cf0 If you have any questions, comments, or queries, please feel free to email me. :-)\
}